>> Jen: So let's keep on typing in some
numbers here and you go on ahead and
figure out the values for d, e, f, and g.
Go on ahead and
type in those values for grid row and
grid column for d, e, f, and g.
Five minutes, go ahead and go.
>> Speaker 2: Quick question before we go.
>> Jen: Sure.
>> Speaker 2: Justin's asking, for
laying out in rows, do we need to include
the second number or
can we just say grid row 1 and grid row 2?
>> Jen: It depends, so it depends so
you can say simply grid row 1 here for,
say, letter a because we want it to take
up basically one unit here in the row.
But if you're going to have it go multiple
units then you definitely have to
call out the second number.
And, again, because I am interested in
somebody being able to read this code
later, I think it's valuable to go
on ahead and put in both numbers.
So that somebody would be able to
understand that code at a later
point in time.
>> Jen: And it doesn't hurt anything.
Okay, so five minutes, go on ahead and
take a look at the values for d, e, f, and
g, the grid row and
the grid column values for all of those.
And then we'll go over the answers.